Scène 1 - 

Fixed camera on a hallway, you can see tall grass and a butterfly landing on one in the center of the camera (flower if audric or jade is up to the task of making a flower).

The butterfly lives his life (doing butterfly stuff) and the camera has a depth shift introducing us to the juvenile hunter that is behind in the shadow. The juvenile is slowly creeping up from the tall grass, his eyes fixed on the butterfly. Before the juvenile can attack, the butterfly flies away.

Scene bonus - the introduction of the dinosaur

A close up on the ground at the border between the shadow and the light

We could see the first step of the juvenile in the sand of a clearing in the tall grass with a sand simulation. 

Scène 2 - 

tracking camera about 3 meters from the butterfly flying away. The camera advances forward at the same paste as the butterfly.

 We can see on the mid to bottom of the screen many attempts of the juvenile to catch the butterfly but failing cause the butterfly flies from left to right and each movement of his wing is unpredictable. Quickly the butterfly gains some altitude and the juvenile can not reach it any more. 

Scène 3 -

Close up to the juvenile head, we can see him tracking (laser focused) the butterfly but not running anymore. 

Scène 4 - 

Very short close up on the butterfly leaving completely. 

Scène 5 - 

Back to the close up on the juvenile, he is giving up. 

Scène 6 - 

A less close shot of the juvenile. 

We can hear a roar from a big dinosaur. the juvenil turns back to get back to the call of its mother. He leaves the shot from the left side. 


Scène 7 - 

Tracking shot one top and 2 meters away, focusing on the juvenile. 

We can see the juvenile run through the tall grass. 

Scène 8 - 

Stationary shot from the top of the tall grass focusing on the cat sitting on the stairs. 

The juvenile first runs through the screen from left to right, we give a pause of 2 seconds and the juvenile slowly comes back from the right of the screen. The cat now has his attention. The cat seems really unbothered by what’s happening around him, taking a nap or licking his fur on top of the escalator ramp. The juvenile slowly faces the cat from the middle of the screen, showing his back to us. 

Scène 9 -

stationary shot from the cat’s back, pretty close to the cat. 

We can see the juvenile slowly marching toward the cat weaving himself through the tall grass and then his first half of his body is in the clearing. to close the gap between him and the cat you probably have about 5 meters. 

Scène 10 - 

Short stationary shot from the back of the head of the juvenile.

Still a symmetric shot of the cat doing his thing. 

Scene 11 - optional 

Close up the pupil of the juvenile expending a bit and in the reflection the cat. 

Scène 12 - 

Mid stationary shot of the cat still chilling. 

After 4 - 5 seconds his head turned to the juvenile. 


Scène 13 - 

short stationary shot of the juvenile. 

The juvenile reacts to the fact that the cat has spotted him. 


Scène 14 - 

Short stationary shot similar to shot 12 

The cats meow to the juvenile. 

Scène 15 -

tracking shot from the left side of the juvenile springing into actions. 

He starts to sprint to close the gap. 


Scène 16 - 

Very short stationary shot, we see the scene from the top view. 

Again the juvenile is closing the gap.

Scène 17 - 

short stationary shot similar to scene 12 and scene 14

We can see the cat quickly getting up and raising his right arm 

Scène 18 - 

This is the big one, the scene the movie has led up to,  shot that focuses on the cat from the bottom left and slowly orbits around to end up on the right or middle right of the cat. 

The juvenile comes in the screen from the left and is now close to the cat, as he is getting ready to jump on the ledge the cat is sitting on. The cat gives him a tap on the nose with his right arm. The juvenile with his small head is really bothered by that, shakes his head and quickly tries again from the right side to meet the same fate, getting hit multiple times. 

Scène 19 - 

quick stationary shot from the left side of the face of the juvenile

The juvenile is dumb founded from this bullshit

Scene 20 - 

getting back to shot 18 on the cat it meows again to the juvenile with his right arm still up ready to hit him again 



Scene 21 - 

Back to shot 19 the juvenile is locked, not moving when he hears another, longer angrier roar from his mother. He roars to the cat in an angry but playful manner and leaves the screen from the right. 

Scene 22 - last shot 

dolly shot moving up, tracking the juvenile as he gets up a set of stairs


The juvenile arrives from the right of the screen and goes up the stairs in a ‘cute’ way. When he reaches the top the camera stops and the juvenile is running toward a busted entry of the building. The shot reveals the mother and a pack of juvenile (optional and far away) the mother is big and mostly hidden by the hallway, but when the juvenile is close enough she roars again and turns to leave. 

Scène 23 -

title and end of the short movie 







